Add a general article on osu! forums. Add forum-specific stubs (#6454)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Community/Forum/en.md

The osu! forums provide features similar to most internet forums: [BBCode](/wiki/BBCode) markup, polls, pins and subscriptions, private messages, and [moderation](#moderation).

## Structure

Each of the osu! forums contains a variety of **topics**, sometimes called threads, as well as smaller categories, or **subforums**. Most of the forums are English only, but there also exists a number of [language-specific](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums#forum-23) forums for local communities that are large enough.

While some forums, such as [Mapping Discussion](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/56), have specific requirements or guidelines, all of them follow [the community rules](/wiki/Rules).

## Roles and user groups

> Some users may belong to one or several custom groups, based on their community tasks, access rights, or past activity. The list of user groups can be found at [The Team § User groups](/wiki/People/The_Team#user-groups).
> 
> In addition to profile badges provided by group membership, users may have [custom forum titles](/wiki/People/Users_with_unique_titles) displayed under the avatar in each of their posts.

Reviewer: I believe I understand [what @cl8n is saying](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/6454#discussion_r763726016), but from a reader's perspective, it makes sense to explain this since it is something that people encounter in the forums. Yes, and beatmap discussions and yes, in profiles as well, but they deserve a mention here (with links to the proper articles) since it may not be obvious for first-timers when looking at a forum post what the things below the avatar mean. In other words, having this here contributes to connectivity of the wiki

Can remove "profile badge" though since that those aren't shown in posts, and should also probably link to `User_title` instead 

```suggestion
Some users may belong to one or several custom groups, based on their community tasks, access rights, or past activity. A full list of user groups can be found at [The Team § User groups](/wiki/People/The_Team#user-groups).

In addition to user group badges provided by group membership, users may have [custom user titles](/wiki/en/User_title) displayed under the avatar in each of their posts.
```

Reviewer 2: *The link is wrong in the suggestion, it should be `(/wiki/User_title)` instead of `(/wiki/en/User_title)`.*

Reviewer: 👍

## Special forums

Some of the forums have different purposes that are not limited to discussion. As a result, they have extra rules and/or technical capabilities.

- [Help](/wiki/Community/Forum/Help): technical support from the [Support Team](/wiki/People/The_Team/Support_Team) and regular users.
- [Feature Requests](/wiki/Community/Forum/Feature_Requests): suggestions for osu! development.
- [Modding Queues](/wiki/Community/Forum/Modding_Queues): beatmap reviews done by other mappers and modders.
- [Off-Topic](/wiki/Community/Forum/Off-Topic): the place for the not-so-logical discussions.
- [Abandoned Wasteland](/wiki/Community/Forum/Abandoned_Wasteland): the storage for useless topics.

Additionally, there are other forums similar to Abandoned Wasteland, which serve technical or managerial purposes and are therefore hidden from the general public.

## History

> [The first public forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2) is dated 2011-08-27 and belongs to [peppy](/wiki/People/peppy). During that time, the osu! website used [phpBB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PhpBB) as its forum engine, which over the years has been significantly expanded to suit the game and community's needs. Some of its customisations included:

Author: what's with me and 2011, I don't understand

---
tags:
  - forums
  - subforum
---

# Forum

*See also: [Internet forum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_forum)*

[The osu! **forums**](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums) are a place for conversations where messages are grouped by subjects, and no quick response is expected. The discussions are searchable, stored forever, and may be revisited at any time, which makes them different from the near-instant messages in [osu! chat](/wiki/Community/Internet_Relay_Chat). As a result, forum messages are longer, contain more information, and typically provide more details than chat messages would.

The osu! forums provide [features](#features) similar to most internet forums: [BBCode](/wiki/BBCode) markup, polls, pins and subscriptions, private messages, and [moderation](#moderation).

## Structure

> Each of the osu! forums contains a variety of topics, called **threads**, as well as smaller categories, or **subforums**. Most of the forums are English only, but there also exists a number of [language-specific](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums#forum-23) forums for local communities that are large enough.

Reviewer 3: from what i can tell "topics" is the sole descriptor in use on the website, so that should be the bold part. maybe `sometimes called "threads"` if you think that's important lingo to mention

Reviewer 3: and pretty much same thing for all of ctrl+f "thread"

> Each of [the osu! forums](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums) contains a variety of topics, called **threads**, as well as smaller categories, or **subforums**. Most of the forums are English only, but there also exists a number of [language-specific](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums#forum-23) forums for local communities that are large enough.

Author: yes in this specific case

While some forums, such as [Mapping Discussion](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/56), have specific requirements or guidelines, all of them follow [the community rules](/wiki/Rules).

## Roles and user groups

> Some users may belong to one or several custom groups, based on their community tasks, access rights, or past activity. While not all user groups are publicly available, most of them can be explored through the wiki, at [The Team § User groups](/wiki/People/The_Team#user-groups).

Author: yes, didn't really know how to introduce user groups

> In addition to profile badges provided by group membership, users may have [custom forum titles](/wiki/User_title) displayed under the avatar in each of their posts.

Reviewer 3: seems not very related to Forum. it's been a long time since any of these things were displayed or implemented as features of forums

Author: yes (I linked the wrong article) but also no (custom titles are still there: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4686101/144977675-d76fb1c3-19c6-4c6e-bc0b-0f7820cbdbe4.png)

Reviewer 3: i dont see how that makes it any more related to forums than, for example, the country flag in same screenshot. it's user-related stuff that appears all over the site, so seems weird to explain it here as if it's specifically related to the forums

Author: while flags are self-explanatory, it would be interesting to know how many (and which) custom titles there are. I agree it isn't specific to the forums, but hey, neither are user groups, or BBCode, or moderation stuff, and the further you go on this road, the closer the article becomes to "well you can leave long-lasting messages, like these on other web sites, we also have several message categories, but they are all alike, end of story"

### Moderation

*See also: [Reporting bad behaviour § Forum](/wiki/Reporting_Bad_Behaviour#forum)*

[Moderators](/wiki/People/The_Team/Global_Moderation_Team) are users who keep the forums clean and appropriate, and answer concerns related to that. Moderators can edit or delete inappropriate posts or threads, pin threads and move them between different forums, and temporarily prevent offenders from posting by [silencing](/wiki/Silence) them.

> ## Features

Reviewer 3: i can't imagine this being useful to any reader and it seems odd to have such a selective list here anyway. whole section makes it seem like the forums are separate software than the rest of the website (same with "custom forum engine" later in this article)

imo this section can just be removed

Author: fair, it doesn't have anything special

### Post features

- Forum posts, as opposed to chat messages, can be **formatted** using [BBCode](/wiki/BBCode), a lightweight markup language. They can also contain YouTube videos, or embed images or audio hosted outside of the forums. 

### Thread features

- Threads may have **polls** in their opening posts, with up to 10 options.
- Threads may have **custom covers** (maximum dimensions are 2400×580).
- Users may **subscribe to threads** and receive updates via e-mail or [website notifications](https://osu.ppy.sh/notifications).

### Forum features

- If a thread contains an announcement, forum rules, or is useful to the majority of the visitors, moderators may **pin** it, placing it at the top of the thread listing.

> - Users can exchange private messages, which are available [in-game](/wiki/Chat_Console) and [on the website](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/chat).

Reviewer 3: not at all related to forum

> - Users can exchange private messages, which are available [in-game](/wiki/Chat_Console) and via [notifications](https://osu.ppy.sh/notifications).

Reviewer: assuming you're not talking about old forum PMs

```suggestion
- Users can exchange private messages, which are available [in-game](/wiki/Chat_Console) and on the [website](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/chat).
```

## Special forums

Some of the forums have different purposes that are not limited to discussion. As a result, they have extra rules and/or technical capabilities.

> - [Help](/wiki/Community/Forum/Help): technical support from [Support Team](/wiki/People/The_Team/Support_Team) and regular users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Help](/wiki/Community/Forum/Help): technical support from the [Support Team](/wiki/People/The_Team/Support_Team) and regular users.
```

- [Feature Requests](/wiki/Community/Forum/Feature_Requests): suggestions for osu! development.
- [Modding Queues](/wiki/Community/Forum/Modding_Queues): beatmap reviews done by other mappers and modders.
- [Off-Topic](/wiki/Community/Forum/Off-Topic): the place for the not-so-logical discussions.
- [Abandoned Wasteland](/wiki/Community/Forum/Abandoned_Wasteland): the storage for useless threads.

Additionally, there are other forums similar to Abandoned Wasteland, which serve technical or managerial purposes and are therefore hidden from the general public.

## History

> [The first public forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2) is dated 2011-08-27 and belongs to [peppy](/wiki/People/peppy). During that time, the osu! website used [phpBB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PhpBB) as its forum engine, which over the years has been significantly expanded to suit the game and community's needs. Some of its customizations included:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The first public forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2) is dated 2011-08-27 and belongs to [peppy](/wiki/People/peppy). During that time, the osu! website used [phpBB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PhpBB) as its forum engine, which over the years has been significantly expanded to suit the game and community's needs. Some of its customisations included:
```

- Integration with the [beatmap submission system](/wiki/Submission)
- The [kudosu](/wiki/Kudosu) and [beatmap ranking](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure) systems
- [Help](/wiki/Community/Forum/Help) and [Feature Requests](/wiki/Community/Forum/Feature_Requests) forums
- [osu!supporter](/wiki/osu!supporter) and user pages

> After the new osu! website was brought up and running, phpBB had been slowly phased out in favour of the custom forum engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the new osu! website was brought up and running, phpBB had been slowly phased out in favour of the custom forum engine used today.
```
